---
layout: default
head:
  title: DnD Vīlībāzma
description: An open source blog theme powered by Nuxt.
title: Home
---

::hero

---

## image: /continents.webp

#title
The Saga of Vīlībāzma

#description
Welcome to the world of Vīlībāzma, a world once, and still, seen as the battleground of the gods, where their never-ending conflict rages on. Over time, however, the gods have shifted their approach. Instead of directly waging war, they now create various races to serve as their representatives, engaging in a long, strategic game where lives are treated as mere pawns, and pride is the ultimate stake.

According to legend, after the great war of the gods, the world itself began to scream in agony, lashing out in endless turmoil. It is said that the seas will only calm when the world has exacted its retribution, and when all the gods have finally been vanquished.

::

## Background

In the early eons of the war, when the gods’ lust for blood was at its peak, they reveled in the carnage and death. Countless gods rose and fell, with few bothering to keep track of the fallen. Many who fled the battlefield were cast aside, reduced to the status of the forgotten gods, never to be seen again.

The few gods who survived the great war eventually formed a treaty, agreeing not to directly interfere with one another. As time passed, these gods—once exhilarated by the bloodshed—were left to cope with their boredom. They were the victors of that perilous era, gods who had known only war and chaos, and who had never experienced the quiet of peace.

As eons and millennia passed, the monotonous existence of the gods was disrupted by an idea from one of the minor gods—an idea that would eventually elevate this god to one of the most powerful, if not the strongest, among them. This minor god suggested shedding light on the once forsaken world and using it as a new source of entertainment. The gods would create their own races, watch them grow, influence their wars, and wound the pride of the race’s creator god in the process.

As time went on, the gods became consumed by their fascination with the mortal races. They watched as kingdoms rose and fell, as heroes emerged and faded into obscurity. Their creations lived frivolous lives, wasting their potential, much to the gods' amusement. Now, the gods—once bored—found themselves in a state of ecstasy, reveling in the despair, joy, and misery of the mortals they regarded as nothing more than ants.

Humans, alongside other races, evolved their societies to a level of coexistence. Each continent developed its own distinct voice, leading to a fragile peace. Beneath this uneasy harmony, however, lurks a darkness that some choose to ignore, while others pray they never encounter. This hidden threat, festering beneath the surface, is ready to erupt, threatening to usher in a new era of war—one that could mirror the ancient great war of the gods, which once brought the very earth to its knees. The present world is ruled by the Vore Rovegrie Vasileio, the 9 great realms that govern the continents of the world.
